so we set off on the return journey back
to Kigali the Rwandan capital but there
was further trouble ahead we came down
out off the hunting bit of meat a truck
in a field you all got in this truck I
remember I started the truck of the
driver and we turn around this corner
and there was some khaki clad Africans
in the in the road and the driver said
bandits and put his foot down and we
charged through these and John and David
and Dicky was over on the back of the
truck and I suddenly heard these bullet
swinging over their head
yeah and it was then that it dawned on
us that actually if there wasn't bandits
it was actually the army that had been
sent to arrest us because we seemed to
have been caught in the middle of some
sort of in fight about making a an ante
were Andy's publicity film about the way
they weren't looking after the natural
resources after digit was killed it was
an alarming situation ian had stayed on
the mountain with Diane and we didn't
know who was who
but you don't argue with people carrying
loaded rifles
I was hauled off the back and taken away
to be strip searched and so on and you
said to me don't worry I've changed the
labels on the camp that's right Dicky
bird the sound recordist and myself were
on the back of a truck Dickey I said if
they can't escape this film we've been
up that mountain in all that effort for
nothing
we put exposed labels on unexposed rolls
of film and we gave them the unexposed
rolls of those that film Dave and I were
taken to a sort of army camp was it sort
of enclosure and taken in to see someone
who effectively started saying well
actually this is all a big mistake in
the end did Lee and I think he wanted
about two thousand dollars it or a lot
of money and I said I wasn't going to
pay it and David pay it I said I'm not
going to argued with it you threatened
to kill him
yeah so anyway we jumped into a taxi and
went straight to the airport we've gone
to our plane and when I saw the runway
disappear behind us I got active with
that's right